Haldiram's is the Most reasonable Indian Snacks Outlet. And best quality sweets are available here. Haldiram so far has no competition in this regard.

An extremely cramped place to eat. Worst, due to space constraints there is no seating and only standing tables are provided to have a bite.The quality of stuff is gr8 and it is best to have a take away. Gr8 variety of food and sweets.


food was disappointing. oily spicy and almost horrible.not worth the wait and manouvering thru the crowd.


I found thali as expensive , good to eat chaats and sweets especially hot jalebis and gulab jamuns. Overall this place is good for a veg outing with family.


haldi ram is a vey bad place to visit bad service also 90% food not available very bad place don't go also food tastes like terrible


Below expectations taste less food ( specially order for penne pasta in arabiyta sauce ) it was so sweet .
I ask for herb's oregano and chilli flex the counter guys demay he told I don't have.
It was so bad experience for us.


Why would you spend 42 rupees on a butter roti? This is what I paid for when I bought a butter roti from them during my visit last week. The same roti would cost me Rs 15 at any other place in Lajpat. I decided to take my parents (Senior citizens) for lunch to Haldiram's at Lajpat. We ordered a Thali (270 Rs), Chole Bhature (Rs 130), Mint Mojito, Soda-Lime, Chaas. During the meal my mom wanted another roti. It took me 15 minutes to get it coz you have to buy the coupon and then give the order. Cost was Rs 42 for one single butter roti.
The Chole Bhature did not have any acchar with it. Seating was limited, service was ordinary and on top of it there was a lady selling vacations. I would say you have million places around Lajpat which give you excellent value for money.

In this segment, haldirams has gone down the drain. Very short menu with no pizzas n other Chinese options. Food bring average n limited, didn't enjoy at all. No seating space n u are hassled all around to collect ur menu.
Never recommend.







